Lord Zhou
He is trying to make money and murder
premeditated murder
Now the evidence is all there
Why don't you get up?
Here's why.
Because I haven't found out the truth yet
Where did the girl movie come from?
Did you know that this is the Shuntian government yamen?
Shut up, Mr. Zhu
This is Guo Zijian's traitor, Park Soohan
Miss Chu is eager for Her Majesty's mouth
I'm here to thoroughly investigate the arson case of Zhang Mansion
What!
Guo Zijian, the iceberg talented woman
How can he help him up?
Miss Chu
Come here this time
But the case is clear. I just arraigned my willingness to try
According to him
When he left the Zhang mansion that night
Zhang Ji is still alive and well
He didn't kill anyone.
The adult case needs to be re-investigated.
You can believe a murderer
It's ridiculous
Is it worth believing?
You have to check to know
My father and brother have passed away and worshiped the moon for a long time
Just because of the so-called tea tea tea in your mouth
So far, it has not been buried
How do you expect me, as a son, to face them?
In my opinion, Qin Yuantu should be executed on the spot
That's enough!
The case of Qin Yuantu's arson
bag
The adult criminal Qin Feng said that he had found out the truth. What?